Help me, girl
Zhang Xiaoru
You bitch
Hurry up and let go of the lady
Do you want to see your mother and your brother with your own eyes?
Die in your hands
Daughter, I am your mother
You have to stop being so confused.
You can't be so cruel to us
Zhao Xiaoru
Don't let go of Meng Jie
Don't blame me for being rude to them.
Don't wear it, don't wear it
You thought you tied up these two hillbillies
I can spare your wife's dream
I really killed them, it's too late to be happy
Bastard you white-eyed wolf
Shut up, you heartless old thing
From small to large
You only have your useless son in your heart
I'm just a tool for you to make money and support him
Do you think I'm taking advantage of it?
You can only buy a house for your son and marry a wife
I will marry anyone
Just give a good price
Just your virtue
I don't deserve to call you mother
I bah
Hey
You all listen to me
I don't have a mother like him
No matter what I do, it has nothing to do with him.
Since Shen Guiying took everything from me
Today I will give him a taste of life rather than death